Welcome to CSPPT! We are Group 77!

CSPPT offers powerful presentation capabilities, with a user interface that is fundamentally similar to mainstream presentation software. In addition to this, it also provides robust Computer Science (CS) functionalities that can assist users in better presenting computer science topics.

To start the program, please read the build.txt

When you enter CSPPT, you will see the following areas:

	·Top area: Provides undo and redo functions.
	·Tab area: Offers the main features of the program such as File, Home, Insert, Animations, Presentation.
	·Left Slide list area: Facilitates switching between slides.
	·Right Slide editing area: This area can be edited for presentation purposes.
	·Bottom area: Displays the number of slides, slide show, and zoom in/out functions.


In the Tab area, you will see the following tabs:

	·File: Offers functions like New file, Open, Save, and Export as PDF.
	·Home: Provides Clipboard, New Slide, Font, Paragraph, some Insert components, Adjust Component Colors, Command Line.
	·Insert: Allows inserting images, videos, audio, creating new CS charts, shapes, tables, math charts, text boxes, and code sections.
	·Animation: Offers animations for slide transitions during presentations.
	·Presentation: You have three options to start the slideshow: From Beginning, From Current Slide, Slide Show with Recording.


Here are some unique components you might not have used in other presentation tools:

	·Code section:
		Located in the Insert Tab, once inserted, you can freely write JavaScript code in this code box. 
		When you press the Run button (the first one on the top left), the system will execute your code and display the results from the 'console.log()' function outputs in your code. 
		When you press the Run Line by Line button (the second one on the top left), the system will execute your code line by line and provide explanations for the principles behind the execution of each line, which is very convenient for code teaching! 
		Don't forget, in the top right corner of the code section, there's a text box where you can customise the code name. Make full use of it, and you can insert multiple Code sections on one page for display purposes!
		During a presentation, you can click the Edit button (the third one in the top left corner, which only appears during a presentation), allowing you to freely modify the code while presenting.

	·CS Chart:
		You can find it in the Insert tab. By clicking once, you will insert a CS BOX. 
		You can insert multiple CS BOXes. 
		Double-click the border of one CS BOX and then click the border of another CS BOX, the system will pop up a dialog box for you to choose the type of connector line. 		
		Once completed, you will have two connected CS BOXes. You can connect multiple CS BOXes to draw UML charts or Flow charts.

	·Command Line:
		You can find it in the Home tab or use the shortcut CTRL+M. 
		You can use it both while editing slides and during a slideshow. It offers powerful command functionalities, allowing you to edit and present slides using built-in commands while working with CSPPT! 
		Type 'csppt help' to get a list of detailed commands. 
		Additionally, this command line has equivalent functionalities to a system command line, meaning you can compile your code and run your scripts within the built-in Command Line without the need to switch between different software!


Presentation hints:
		During a slideshow, you can switch slides using the left mouse button, the right-click menu, buttons in the bottom left corner, the left and right arrow keys on the keyboard, and the built-in command line. 
		You can use the Laser function to make your mouse pointer more visible. You can use the Pen function to draw images during your presentation (note that this will be cleared when the presentation ends). 
		You can use the Insert Text function from the right-click menu, which will add a text box at your mouse position for quick annotations during your presentation (note that this will be cleared when the presentation ends). 
		You can use the Command Line feature at any time, which can be accessed through the bottom left corner button, the right-click menu, or the CTRL+M shortcut.
		On Linux, it will keep the system side panel and timer at the top. On windows or Mac, it works as full screen.
		You can use Record Button which stays in Presentation Bar to start the slideshow. It will record the frame changes. When you end the presentation, it will be a dialog that let you save the recorded video file.


Shortcuts:
	You can use some shortcuts both during editing and presenting:
		CTRL+C to copy components or slides
		CTRL+X to cut components or slides
		CTRL+V to paste components or slides
		CTRL+M to open the command line (Can be used in slideshow)
		DELETE to delete components or slides
		CTRL+S to save the presentation to a CSPPT file


Right-click Menu:
	You can open the menu by right-clicking during slide editing, in the slide selection area on the left, or during a presentation. You can use it according to the instructions provided in the menu.


Save & Open:
	After you finish editing your slides, you can click the Save button in the File Tab, use the shortcut CTRL+S, or use a command line instruction, which will allow you to save your slides in the .csppt format. 
	When you want to view or edit your slides again, you can click the Open button in the File Tab or use a command line instruction to select your saved .csppt file, and your slide file will be opened. 
	If you want to export the content of your slides for others to view, you can use the Export as PDF button in the File Tab, which will allow you to save all your slides in PDF format, accessible to anyone.


The other features of CSPPT are roughly the same as those of mainstream presentation tools. Please explore them on your own during your use. 

Thank you for using CSPPT! We hope you can use this software to better present computer science content.
